00camera_statements.rpy
00camera_statements.rpyc
00warper.rpy
00warper.rpyc
camera.png
camera.rpy
camera.rpyc
devlog.txt
dynamicimages.rpy
dynamicimages.rpyc
gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
image_selecter.rpy
image_selecter.rpyc
image_viewer.rpy
image_viewer.rpyc
init.rpy
init.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
scene1.rpyc.bak
scene10.rpyc.bak
scene11.rpyc.bak
scene12.rpyc.bak
scene2.rpyc.bak
scene3.rpyc.bak
scene4.rpyc.bak
scene5.rpyc.bak
scene6.rpyc.bak
scene7.rpyc.bak
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
starfield.rpy
starfield.rpyc
voiceparser.rpy
voiceparser.rpyc
Amb\Cafe out.ogg
Amb\Camp.ogg
Amb\Cave.ogg
Amb\City Day.ogg
Amb\City Night.ogg
Amb\Leonas house.ogg
Amb\Outdoors.ogg
Amb\Workshop.ogg
Amb\cafe.ogg
Music\Aster.ogg
Music\Leaving fireside.ogg
Music\On the roof.ogg
Music\Raine Lost.ogg
Music\They cry.ogg
Music\floating.ogg
Music\leaving together.ogg
Music\main menu.ogg
Music\meeting leona.ogg
Music\wormhole.ogg
SFX\Battery.ogg
SFX\Clunk.ogg
SFX\Crash.ogg
SFX\Kicking panel.ogg
SFX\Metal fix.ogg
SFX\Power down 2.ogg
SFX\SSL1.ogg
SFX\SSL1V2.ogg
SFX\SSL2.ogg
SFX\SSL3.ogg
SFX\Warp engines.ogg
SFX\astroid impact.ogg
SFX\bed fall.ogg
SFX\box break.ogg
SFX\door.ogg
SFX\engines up.ogg
SFX\engines.ogg
SFX\engines2.ogg
SFX\engines3.ogg
SFX\entry_intro.ogg
SFX\falling.ogg
SFX\footsteps 2.ogg
SFX\footsteps.ogg
SFX\get up.ogg
SFX\headbang.ogg
SFX\metal break.ogg
SFX\power down 1.ogg
SFX\power down.ogg
SFX\power up.ogg
SFX\rustle.ogg
SFX\stomach.ogg
SFX\torch handling.ogg
SFX\tree.ogg
SFX\water splash.ogg
SFX\wormhole loop.ogg
SFX\wormhole.ogg
cache\bytecode.rpyb
cache\pyanalysis.rpyb
cache\screens.rpyb
gui\Star Filled-48.png
gui\frame.png
gui\game_menu.png
gui\main_menu.png
gui\namebox.png
gui\notify.png
gui\nvl.png
gui\skip.png
gui\textbox.png
gui\window_icon.png
gui\bar\bottom.png
gui\bar\left.png
gui\bar\right.png
gui\bar\top.png
gui\button\check_foreground.png
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\button\hover_background.png
gui\button\idle_background.png
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png
gui\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\overlay\confirm.png
gui\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\nvl.png
gui\phone\textbox.png
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png
gui\phone\bar\left.png
gui\phone\bar\right.png
gui\phone\bar\top.png
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\sagi\button-disabled.png
gui\sagi\button-highlighted.png
gui\sagi\button-idle.png
gui\sagi\circle.png
gui\sagi\frame.png
gui\sagi\roundbutton-disabled.png
gui\sagi\roundbutton-hover.png
gui\sagi\roundbutton-idle.png
gui\sagi\smallbutton-disabled.png
gui\sagi\smallbutton-highlighted.png
gui\sagi\smallbutton-idle.png
gui\sagi\smallbutton-selected.png
gui\sagi\textframe.png
gui\sagi\Comfortaa\Comfortaa_Bold.ttf
gui\sagi\Comfortaa\Comfortaa_Regular.ttf
gui\sagi\Comfortaa\Comfortaa_Thin.ttf
gui\sagi\Comfortaa\SIL Open Font License.txt
gui\sagi\test\bg.jpg
gui\sagi\test\leona.png
gui\sagi\test\raine.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
images\backgrounds\cafe.png
images\backgrounds\cave.png
images\backgrounds\cockpit_ground.png
images\backgrounds\cockpit_space.png
images\backgrounds\house.png
images\backgrounds\spaceship_crashed.png
images\backgrounds\stars.png
images\backgrounds\street.png
images\backgrounds\street_open_garage.png
images\backgrounds\white.png
images\logos\afofaslogo.png
images\logos\sarchalenlogo.png
images\logos\somnovalogo.jpg
images\logos\watercresslogo.png
images\overlays\cockpitoverlay.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\arms default.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\arms raised.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\base.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\brow default.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\brow downarrow.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\brow raised.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\brow uparrow.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\e default.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\e slightlyclosed.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\ec default.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\m O.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\m default.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\m line.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\mc O.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\mc default.png
images\sprites\ju\blue\mc line.png
images\sprites\ju\red\arms angry.png
images\sprites\ju\red\arms default.png
images\sprites\ju\red\arms glitch.png
images\sprites\ju\red\arms worried.png
images\sprites\ju\red\base.png
images\sprites\ju\red\brow default.png
images\sprites\ju\red\brow raised.png
images\sprites\ju\red\brow worried.png
images\sprites\ju\red\e default.png
images\sprites\ju\red\e glitch.png
images\sprites\ju\red\ec angry.png
images\sprites\ju\red\ec default.png
images\sprites\ju\red\hair default.png
images\sprites\ju\red\hair default2.png
images\sprites\ju\red\m O.png
images\sprites\ju\red\m default.png
images\sprites\ju\red\m small.png
images\sprites\ju\red\m tooth.png
images\sprites\ju\red\mc default.png
images\sprites\ju\red\mc small.png
images\sprites\le\LeonaBaseSprite.png
images\sprites\le\angry\arms default.png
images\sprites\le\angry\arms raised.png
images\sprites\le\angry\base.png
images\sprites\le\angry\brow default.png
images\sprites\le\angry\e default.png
images\sprites\le\angry\ec default.png
images\sprites\le\angry\m default.png
images\sprites\le\angry\m default2.png
images\sprites\le\angry\mc default.png
images\sprites\le\hip\arms default.png
images\sprites\le\hip\arms pout.png
images\sprites\le\hip\arms raised.png
images\sprites\le\hip\base.png
images\sprites\le\hip\brow default.png
images\sprites\le\hip\brow downarrow.png
images\sprites\le\hip\brow line.png
images\sprites\le\hip\brow up.png
images\sprites\le\hip\e bedroom.png
images\sprites\le\hip\e default.png
images\sprites\le\hip\e wide.png
images\sprites\le\hip\ec default.png
images\sprites\le\hip\m default.png
images\sprites\le\hip\m pout.png
images\sprites\le\hip\m smuggrin.png
images\sprites\le\hip\mc default.png
images\sprites\le\hip\mc pout.png
images\sprites\le\hip\tail default.png
images\sprites\le\hip\tail default2.png
images\sprites\le\hip\tail default3.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\arms default.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\arms raised.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\base.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\brow default.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\brow line.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\brow uparrow.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\e away.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\e default.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\ec default.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\m default.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\m o.png
images\sprites\le\neutral\mc default.png
images\sprites\le\sad\base.png
images\sprites\le\sad\brow default.png
images\sprites\le\sad\e default.png
images\sprites\le\sad\e sad.png
images\sprites\le\sad\ec default.png
images\sprites\le\sad\m default.png
images\sprites\le\sad\mc default.png
images\sprites\le\sadprofile\base.png
images\sprites\le\sadprofile\e away.png
images\sprites\le\sadprofile\e default.png
images\sprites\le\sadprofile\ec default.png
images\sprites\le\think\base.png
images\sprites\le\think\brow default.png
images\sprites\le\think\brow down.png
images\sprites\le\think\e bedroom.png
images\sprites\le\think\e default.png
images\sprites\le\think\e look.png
images\sprites\le\think\ec default.png
images\sprites\le\think\m default.png
images\sprites\le\think\m smug.png
images\sprites\le\think\mc default.png
images\sprites\le\think\mc smug.png
images\sprites\le\think\tail default.png
images\sprites\le\think\tail default2.png
images\sprites\le\think\tail default3.png
images\sprites\mc\RaineBigSprite.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\base.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\brow angry.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\brow default.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\e default.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\ec angry.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\ec default.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\hands.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\m default.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\m toothy.png
images\sprites\mc\angry\mc default.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\base.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\brows default.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\brows raised.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\brows sad.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\e default.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\e lookaway.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\e shock.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\e squint.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\ec default.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\m O.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\m default.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\m smug.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\mc default.png
images\sprites\mc\armraised\mc smug.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\base.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\brow angry.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\brow default.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\brow raised.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\brow sad.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\e default.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\e lookaway.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\ec blocky.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\ec default.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\m O.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\m default.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\m stretch.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\m stretchO.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\mc default.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\mc smug.png
images\sprites\mc\confident\mc stretch.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\armraised.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\base.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\brow angry.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\brow default.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\brow dreamworks.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\brow sad.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\brow up.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\e default.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\e liddrop.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\e lookaway.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\e lookup.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\e squint.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\ec default.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\m O.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\m default.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\m line.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\mc default.png
images\sprites\mc\normal\mc line.png
saves\1-1-LT1.save
saves\1-2-LT1.save
saves\1-3-LT1.save
saves\_reload-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-1-LT1.save
saves\auto-10-LT1.save
saves\auto-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-3-LT1.save
saves\auto-4-LT1.save
saves\auto-5-LT1.save
saves\auto-6-LT1.save
saves\auto-7-LT1.save
saves\auto-8-LT1.save
saves\auto-9-LT1.save
saves\navigation.json
saves\persistent
scripts\scene1.rpy
scripts\scene1.rpyc
scripts\scene10.rpy
scripts\scene10.rpyc
scripts\scene11.rpy
scripts\scene11.rpyc
scripts\scene12-epilogue.rpy
scripts\scene12-epilogue.rpyc
scripts\scene2.rpy
scripts\scene2.rpyc
scripts\scene3.rpy
scripts\scene3.rpyc
scripts\scene4.rpy
scripts\scene4.rpyc
scripts\scene5.rpy
scripts\scene5.rpyc
scripts\scene6.rpy
scripts\scene6.rpyc
scripts\scene7.rpy
scripts\scene7.rpyc
scripts\scene8.rpy
scripts\scene8.rpyc
scripts\scene9.rpy
scripts\scene9.rpyc
tl\None\common.rpym
tl\None\common.rpymc
voice\1-scene1-1.ogg
voice\1-scene1-10.ogg
voice\1-scene1-11.ogg
voice\1-scene1-12.ogg
voice\1-scene1-13.ogg
voice\1-scene1-14.ogg
voice\1-scene1-15.ogg
voice\1-scene1-16.ogg
voice\1-scene1-17.ogg
voice\1-scene1-18.ogg
voice\1-scene1-19.ogg
voice\1-scene1-2.ogg
voice\1-scene1-20.ogg
voice\1-scene1-21.ogg
voice\1-scene1-22.ogg
voice\1-scene1-23.ogg
voice\1-scene1-24.ogg
voice\1-scene1-25.ogg
voice\1-scene1-26.ogg
voice\1-scene1-27.ogg
voice\1-scene1-28.ogg
voice\1-scene1-29.ogg
voice\1-scene1-3.ogg
voice\1-scene1-30.ogg
voice\1-scene1-31.ogg
voice\1-scene1-32.ogg
voice\1-scene1-33.ogg
voice\1-scene1-34.ogg
voice\1-scene1-35.ogg
voice\1-scene1-36.ogg
voice\1-scene1-37.ogg
voice\1-scene1-38.ogg
voice\1-scene1-39.ogg
voice\1-scene1-4.ogg
voice\1-scene1-40.ogg
voice\1-scene1-41.ogg
voice\1-scene1-42.ogg
voice\1-scene1-43.ogg
voice\1-scene1-44.ogg
voice\1-scene1-45.ogg
voice\1-scene1-46.ogg
voice\1-scene1-47.ogg
voice\1-scene1-48.ogg
voice\1-scene1-5.ogg
voice\1-scene1-6.ogg
voice\1-scene1-7.ogg
voice\1-scene1-8.ogg
voice\1-scene1-9.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-1.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-10.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-11.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-12.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-13.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-14.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-15.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-16.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-17.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-18.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-19.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-2.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-20.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-21.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-22.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-23.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-24.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-25.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-26.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-27.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-29.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-3.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-30.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-33.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-34.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-35.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-36.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-37.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-38.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-39.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-4.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-40.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-41.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-43.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-44.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-45.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-46.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-47.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-48.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-49.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-5.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-50.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-51.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-52.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-53.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-54.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-55.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-56.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-57.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-58.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-59.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-6.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-60.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-61.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-62.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-63.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-64.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-65.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-66.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-67.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-68.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-69.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-7.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-70.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-71.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-72.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-73.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-74.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-75.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-76.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-77.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-78.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-79.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-8.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-80.ogg
voice\2-scene_2-9.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-1.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-10.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-11.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-12.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-13.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-14.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-15.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-16.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-17.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-18.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-19.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-2.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-20.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-21.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-22.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-23.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-24.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-25.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-26.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-27.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-28.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-29.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-3.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-30.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-31.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-32.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-33.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-34.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-35.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-36.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-37.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-38.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-39.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-4.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-40.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-41.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-42.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-43.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-44.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-45.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-46.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-47.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-48.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-49.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-5.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-50.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-51.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-52.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-53.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-54.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-55.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-56.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-57.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-58.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-59.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-6.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-60.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-61.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-62.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-63.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-64.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-65.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-66.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-67.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-68.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-69.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-7.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-70.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-71.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-72.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-73.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-74.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-75.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-76.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-77.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-78.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-79.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-8.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-80.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-81.ogg
voice\3-scene_3-9.ogg
